It's okay.
Thank you Dean Wang
Can'er
What the hell is going on?
Why did your eldest sister and your second sister
I've been pestering you to go back to the Jiang family
Why did Dean Wang suddenly treat me?
Mom, I said don't be angry.
The Jiang family held a birthday party yesterday
It wasn't given to me at all
It's for that Gangneung
And I obviously donated the bone marrow
None of them believed it.
He broke with me on the spot.
Why does the Jiang family still have the face to come to you like this?
Mom is over
Anyway, I've completely cut ties with them
As for Dean Wang, he is my grandfather
My grandfather is the chairperson of Huacan Group
It was he who invited Dean Wang over
It's just that they don't believe it at all
You just said
Your grandfather is the chairperson of Huacan Group
I was wondering.
That's the number one group in the world by market capitalization
How is that possible?
Nothing is impossible
He is my long-lost grandson
Recall that this is my mom
Thank you for replacing my daughter all these years
Take such good care of Can'er
Chairperson, you are welcome.
Can'er is sensible and kind
Thanks to her for accompanying me to make money all these years
Heal me
I can catch my breath
Wei Gong, what's the matter with you today?